Upgrade ESLint to v10 (#336)
ckeditor/ckeditor5-package-generator: .changelog/20260720120000_eslint_v10.md

---
type: Minor breaking change
scope:
  - ckeditor5-package-generator
see: https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-internal/issues/4327
---

> Upgraded ESLint to v10 in the generated package and aligned the shared CKEditor 5 linter packages (`eslint-config-ckeditor5` and `eslint-plugin-ckeditor5-rules`) to v18.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgraded ESLint to v10 in the generated package and aligned the shared CKEditor 5 linter packages (`eslint-config-ckeditor5` and `eslint-plugin-ckeditor5-rules`) to their latest versions.
```

Author: Applied, thanks.
